The Brier that Returned
A beautiful lady named ‘Brier’ was captured
by Mongolians
and was sold to a country far away.
Brier left home 10 years ago
but never forgot about her parents and siblings.
“That moon must be watching my parents.”
One day, the owner realized Brier missed her
family,
and he called for her to come to meet with
him.
“You work well and you have a kind heart.
I will let you visit your home.
But you must come back in 10 days.”
Brier returned home with a very happy heart.
When she got home,
the house was gone and nobody was there.
“The people who lived here left.”
Brier was very sad when she heard this.
Brier searched many villages to find her parents.
“Mother, father!”
Brier could not find her parents.
Time passed and the 10 days were almost up.
“What should I do?
If I return, I’ll never be able to see my
parents again.
I have to find them even if I have to break
my promise!”
Brier broke her promise with the owner
and continued to search for her parents. But
she could not find them.
Brier ended up dying in the mountain.
Time passed and many white and red flowers
bloomed
everywhere Brier had searched.
People named these beautiful red white flowers
“Brier”
because of Brier’s dedicated search to find
her family.